vc dataconsumer (#24)
i4Trust/tutorials: PacketDelivery-VC-ReferenceExample/data-consumer/README.md

> # Data Service Consumer with verifiable credentials

Reviewer: Verifiable Credentials should be upper case

> This describes how to setup the environment of a data service consuming organisation within the i4Trust trusted data space with the example of the fictitious organisations

Reviewer: I would also mention that this is the setup using Verfiable Credentials for authentication and authorization. Else, its a little unclear why no just the other one should be used. And I guess that "VC" as a an abbreviation is not so common yet, that everyone understands its meaning. Btw. I would try to link the standard on most mentions of it, e.g.: [Verifiable Credentials](https://www.w3.org/TR/vc-data-model/)

> * Packet Delivery Company being the service provider

Reviewer: Maybe add a note, that the deployment of the provider will be covered in another chapter. It was a little confusing to know how the provider fits into the deployment.

* Happy Pets Inc. being the consuming organisation

Needed for issuing credentials that can be used against the authentication of the service provider's environment are the following
* [WaltId](https://github.com/walt-id/waltid-ssikit)
* [Keycloak](https://www.keycloak.org/) with the [VC Issuer plugin](https://github.com/wistefan/keycloak-vc-issuer)

> Furthermore are needed

Reviewer: "Furthermore are needed, but not covered in this tutorial:"

> * VC compatible Wallet for executing the OpenIDConnect flow

Reviewer: When issuing its the OpenId Connect for Verifiable Credentials Issuing(OIDC4VCI) flow -> https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.html
When you use VC as an abbreviation within the readme, you should introduce it first. E.g. when you first mention Verifiable Credentials, just put VC in brackets behing -> Verifiable Credentials(VC)

> * iSHARE Satellite as trust anchor for sharing trusted parties

Reviewer: Thats not really what we need for the framework, just what we use. We need an EBSI-compatible trusted-issuers-registry(https://api-pilot.ebsi.eu/docs/apis/trusted-issuers-registry/latest#/), where we currently use our satellite as an implementation offering it. In general, it could be any other registry. Especially for the issuer, its not important at all, since no interaction with it occurs. So the requirement should rather be: The issuer needs to be registered in a trusted-issuers-registry as a trust anchor(f.e. the iShare satellite)

![Components](./img/components.png "Components")

> Note that there is not an example of a Shop System provided. In the use case example, it is assumed that there are already 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that no Shop System is provided as part of the example. In this use case example, it is assumed that there are already 
```

users registered at Happy Pets and which have placed orders. More precisely, this means that there are already 
existing delivery order entities within the Context Broker of 
the [Data Service Provider](../Data-Service-Provider).

> Furthermore it is required that there is access to an iSHARE Satellite instance and an iSHARE-compliant Authorisation 

Reviewer: The Authorization Registry is in the scope of the provider, I would leave that out here. The satellite should rathe r be the issuers-registry that I mentioned before.

> Registry which stores the user's access policies.

Reviewer: And it does not store any user policies. It only stores Roles and maintains a trusted issueres list. Therefore, a user can be authorized fully anonymous.  E.g. f.e. PDC defines Role USER -> allowed to HTTP GET and PDC allows Happypets to issue the Role User. It does not know anything about the concrete user.

In the following it is assumed that the components will be externally available via the domain `domain.org`. 

## Installation

> It is recommended to at least change the "route.host" property of the keycloak chart to adjust to the own test environment.

Reviewer: You should add a small info(maybe as a box at the beginning) that this will show the openshift version and one should configure the ingress according to https://github.com/bitnami/charts/blob/main/bitnami/keycloak/values.yaml#L529 . "Route" is just available for openshift. The easiest way to get a host there is to not set route.host at all, since it gets a assigned a default route then.

To install the components execute the following commands

```
helm dependency build waltid/
helm install -ndemo waltid ./waltid/ -f ./waltid/values.yaml
helm dependency build keycloak/
helm install -ndemo keycloak ./keycloak/ -f ./keycloak/values.yaml
```

## Overview of the users/credentials

With the predefined value files, users and DIDs for the necessary parties are imported as follows:

|   |   |

> |---|---|

Reviewer: Did it generate so similar did's or is one of them just made up?

Author: Just made that one up but will probably adjust it in the producer tutorial PR

|DID of consumer's authentication authority | did:key:z6MkigCEnopwujz8Ten2dzq91nvMjqbKQYcifuZhqBsEkH7g |
|DID of provider's authentication authority | did:key:z6MkigCEnopwujz8Ten2dzq91nvMjqbKQYcifuZhqBsEkH7h |
|Password for 'normal-user'   | normal-user  |
|Password for 'premium-user'   | premium-user  |

## Validation of components
### WaltId

> WaltId is the component that is used for initializing verifiable credentials that match a given template using a defined key. The template is provided on startup and the key is registered by the Keycloak VC Issuer Plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WaltId is the component that is used for creating Verifiable Credentials that match a given template using a defined key. The template is provided on startup and the key is registered by the Keycloak VC Issuer Plugin.
```

    "issuanceDate": "2021-08-31T00:00:00Z",
    "issued": "2021-08-31T00:00:00Z",
    "validFrom": "2021-08-31T00:00:00Z",
    "credentialSchema": {
        "id": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/hesusruiz/dsbamvf/main/schemas/PacketDeliveryService/2022-10/schema.json",
        "type": "FullJsonSchemaValidator2021"
    },
    "credentialSubject": {
        "id": "did:ebsi:2AEMAqXWKYMu1JHPAgGcga4dxu7ThgfgN95VyJBJGZbSJUtp",
        "familyName": "User",
        "firstName": "Some",
        "roles": [
            {
                "names": [
                    "someRole"
                ],
                "target": "did:some:id"
            }
        ]
    }
}
```

To validate that the signing key was successfully registered by the Keycloak VC Issuer Plugin, the following command can be used

```
curl -X 'GET' 'http://waltid-vcwaltid:7002/keys/z6MkigCEnopwujz8Ten2dzq91nvMjqbKQYcifuZhqBsEkH7g'   -H 'accept: application/json'
```
with an expected output of
```
{
    "algorithm": "EdDSA_Ed25519",
    "cryptoProvider": "SUN",
    "keyId": {
        "id": "z6MkigCEnopwujz8Ten2dzq91nvMjqbKQYcifuZhqBsEkH7g"
    },
    "keyPair": {},
    "keysetHandle": null
}
```

### Keycloak

> Keycloak IDM is used for managing the users in the consumer space and offering verifiable credentials for accessing the data producer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keycloak IDM is used for managing the users in the consumer space and offering verifiable credentials for accessing the data provider.
```

A GUI for providing Verifiable Credentials to be imported into the wallet can be found under

> https://kc-consumer.domain.org/realms/fiware-server/account/#/verifiable-credentials

Reviewer: You did not mention kc-consumer.domain.org anywhere. I prefer to use something obvious like https://<YOUR_CONFIGURED_DOMAIN>. It needs to be obvious, I had people asking why editor.swagger.io does not answer as expected...

and are provided via QR code like
![CredentialsQR](./img/credential_issuance.png "CredentialsQR")

> Alternatively its possible to request the signed Verifiable Credentials via the REST API:

Reviewer: I would rather not mention this, it will be removed in the near future. It unsecure, proprietary and was only there due to the shortcommings of our demo wallet.
